Welcome to the powerful by faith convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
You'll certainly be happy that you made the effort to attend all three days of this convention.
The expression, powerful by faith, is drawn from the Apostle Paul's words at Romans 4 and verse 20.
Why did the governing body choose faith as the theme for this year's convention?
Because we need strong faith to deal successfully with our present trials and with those we'll face in the near future.
At Matthew chapter 17 and verse 20, Jesus assured His disciples.
If you have faith, the size of a mustard grain, you will say to this mountain,
move from here to there, and it will move, and nothing will be impossible for you.
Yes, faith enables us to do things we could never imagine doing on our own.
For Christians, faith is essential.
In fact, God commands us to have faith.
At first John chapter 3 and verse 23 we read,
Indeed, this is His commandment, that we have faith in the name of His Son, Jesus Christ,
and love one another, just as He gave us a commandment.
And Hebrews chapter 11 and verse 6 tells us,
Without faith, it is impossible to police God well.
For whoever approaches God must believe that He is, and that He becomes the rewarder of those earnestly seeking Him.
Clearly, to receive Jehovah's blessing and gain the reward of everlasting life, we need to build and maintain faith.
At Romans chapter 1 verse 17, quoting the prophet Habakkuk, Paul wrote,
The righteous one will live by reason of faith.
With these words, Paul emphasized that Jehovah will reward all who show real faith.
Based on our faith in Jesus' ransom, Jehovah forgives our sins,
and grants us a righteous standing with Him even now.
And during Armageddon, Jehovah will protect God's people,
and then give them the opportunity to live forever in paradise.
That's what we want for all of you.
Most of us here today already have a large measure of faith.
And as Paul wrote, at 2 Corinthians chapter 1 and verse 24,
It is by your faith that you are standing.
Reports from around the globe testify to your genuine faith,
and the good that Jehovah is accomplishing through you because of your faith.
We feel as Paul expressed a Colossians chapter 1 and verses 3 and 4.
We always thank God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, when we pray for you,
since we heard of your faith in Christ Jesus and the love you have for all the holy ones.
But constant pressure from Satan and the demons, the old world and our own imperfections,
can weaken and wear down our faith.
The purpose of this convention is to strengthen that faith.
We'll learn how to cultivate true faith, how to exercise it in our daily lives,
and how to maintain it during difficult times.
So please, pay close attention to each part of the program.
As scriptures are read, follow along in the Bible,
and may God's Word empower you to be a man, woman or child of faith.